feat: support hmac (#50)
fastify/csrf: README.md

Require user-specific information in `tokens.create()` and
`tokens.verify()`.

##### hmacKey

> The HMAC key used to generate the cryptographic HMAC hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it is set, the `hmacKey` is used to generate the cryptographic HMAC hash instead of the default hash function.
```
